RGBA is not legacy (#32770)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/understanding_colors_and_luminance/index.md

If all values are pairs of identical digits, the value can be represented by single digits that the browser will duplicate. Thus `f00` is the same as `ff0000`. If a fourth set of numbers is present, that value is the A in RGBA, the alpha channel defining transparency in terms of the opacity value of the color. A higher value means the color is more opaque and therefore, less transparent. In the examples above, the alpha value is `f`, `ff`, `1`, and `100%` for fully opaque.

> The example also shows the legacy syntax for both [`rgb()` and `rgba()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/rgb#examples). The legacy syntax for color functions was comma-separated, with a separate function for when the alpha channel was included. New color functions only have one syntax with space-separated (rather than comma-separated) values, with the alpha channel, if present, being preceded by a slash.

Author: ```suggestion
The example also shows the legacy syntax for both [`rgb()` and `rgba()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/rgb#examples). The legacy syntax for color functions is comma-separated, with a separate function for when the alpha channel is included. New color functions only have one syntax with space-separated (rather than comma-separated) values, with the alpha channel, if present, being preceded by a slash. Modern syntax allows for mixing numbers and percents and supports the `none` keyword; the comma-separated legacy syntax does not. 
```

![Color picker with HSL and RGB, with color contrast values.](microcolorsc.jpg)

> As noted earlier, the [CSS color module](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_colors) includes adding additional colorspaces, including [`lch()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/lch) and [`oklch()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/oklch) functional color notation and the [`lab()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/lab) and `oklab()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/oklab) color coordinate system which can specify any visible color, but because of its ubiquity, sRGB is the default and preferred colorspace for accessibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As noted earlier, the [CSS color module](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_colors) includes adding additional colorspaces, including [`lch()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/lch) and [`oklch()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/oklch) functional color notation and the [`lab()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/lab) and `oklab()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/oklab) color coordinate systems, which can specify any visible color. That said, sRGB is still the default and preferred colorspace for accessibility because of its ubiquity.
```

Reviewer: Sentence was getting a little long.

Where accessibility is concerned, however, standards and guidelines are currently written predominantly using the sRGB color space, especially as it applies to color contrast ratios.

> **Note:** Almost all systems used today to view Web content assume sRGB encoding. Unless it is known that another color space will be used to process and display the content, authors should evaluate using sRGB colorspace. If using other color spaces, apply the principles of [minimum contrast ratios](https://webaim.org/articles/contrast/#sc143).

### Querying color values

> The {{domxref('Window.getComputedStyle()')}} method returns values using the RGB Decimal Reference scale or via `color(srgb...)`. For example, calling `Window.getComputedStyle()` on a div with a `background-color: #2550000;` set returns the computed background color as `rgb(255 0 0)` — the RGB Decimal reference. However, when [using relative colors](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_colors/Relative_colors), such as `background-color: rgb(from blue 255 0 0)`, calling `Window.getComputedStyle()` returns the computed background color as `color(srgb 1 0 0)`. Being tied to computer hardware,`Window.getComputedStyle()` measures color in terms of RGB, not how the human eye perceives color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{domxref('Window.getComputedStyle()')}} method returns values using the RGB Decimal Reference scale or via `color(srgb...)`. For example, calling `Window.getComputedStyle()` on a `<div>` with `background-color: #2550000` set on it returns the computed background color as `rgb(255 0 0)` — the RGB Decimal reference. However, when [using relative colors](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_colors/Relative_colors) (for example `background-color: rgb(from blue 255 0 0)`), calling `Window.getComputedStyle()` returns the computed background color as `color(srgb 1 0 0)`. Being tied to computer hardware,`Window.getComputedStyle()` measures color in terms of RGB, not how the human eye perceives color.
```
